Include Option to specify custom ports for services (#2)
Admyral-Security/admyral-quickstart: README.md

poetry install
```

<details>
   <summary> Optionally, specify custom ports for the needed services </summary>

Copy the content of `.env.example` to a new file called `.env`:

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

Open the `.env` file and change ports as needed.

Afterwards, source the `.env` file to load the environment variables:

```bash
source .env
```

</details>
<br>

3. Start Admyral (**Hint**: you can also use `poetry shell` then you can omit `poetry run` in the following commands):

```bash
poetry run admyral up
```

> 4. Open the Admyral UI by visiting [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) (if no custom port was specifed for `ADMYRAL_WEB_PORT`) in your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Open the Admyral UI by visiting [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser. If a custom port was defined using `ADMYRAL_WEB_PORT`, use the defined port number instead of `3000`.
```
